NHL Showdown Captain Mode
In salary cap contests, participants will create a lineup by selecting players listed in the Player Pool. Each player listed has an assigned salary and a valid lineup must not exceed the salary cap of $50,000.

Contest results will be determined by the total points accumulated by each individual lineup entry (scoring rules summarized below).

Participation in each contest must be made only as specified in the Terms of Use. Failure to comply with these Terms of Use will result in disqualification and, if applicable, prize forfeiture.

Scoring
The player you draft as your Captain will earn 1.5x the standard fantasy point value for each statistic.
Players

Goal

+8.5 Pts

Assist

+5 Pts

Shot on Goal

+1.5 Pts

Blocked Shot

+1.3 Pts

Short Handed Point Bonus (Goal/Assist)

+2 Pts

Shootout Goal

+1.5 Pts

Hat Trick Bonus

+3 Pts

5+ Shots

+3 Pts

3+ Blocked Shots

+3 Pts

3+ Points

+3 Pts

Goalies

Win

+6 Pts

Save

+0.7 Pts

Goal Against

-3.5 Pts

Shutout Bonus

+4 Pts

Overtime Loss

+2 Pts

35+ Saves

+3 Pts

Scoring Notes
Goalies WILL receive points for all stats they accrue, including goals and assists.
The Goalie Shutout Bonus is credited to goalies if they complete the entire game with 0 goals allowed in regulation + overtime. Shootout goals will not prevent a shutout. A goalie must be the only goalie of record to get credit for a shutout.
Lineup Requirements
Lineups will consist of 6 players and must include at least 1 player from both teams. The 6 roster positions are:

1

Captain (CPT)

(C,W,D,UTIL,G)

5

FLEX

(C,W,D,UTIL,G)

The player you select as your Captain will score 1.5x the standard fantasy point value for each statistic, but drafting a player as Captain will cost more salary than drafting them as FLEX.

Any player in the player pool is eligible to be selected as Captain. However, a player cannot be added at both Captain and another position in the same lineup

Player Pool
The Player Pool will consist of all NHL players expected to be on the active roster for any team scheduled to play in the contest Game Set. Occasionally a player may be missing from the Player Pool due to trades or other unforeseen circumstances.

In most circumstances, once the Player Pool is established for a Game Set, including positions and salaries, the Player Pool will not be adjusted. In the rare event that there is a mistake within the Player Pool that would significantly impact game quality, DraftKings reserves the right to correct the mistake after contests for that Game Set have become available. This may result in valid lineups becoming invalid. This would most likely occur shortly after the Player Pool becomes available, far in advance of the contest start time, and participants who have entered contests for the Game Set prior to the adjustment will be notified via email.

A "Game Set" is a set of games used for contests; each contest is tied to one Game Set. Contests tied to the same Game Set can be created at different times. Therefore, game policies are based on the timing of a Game Set being made available, not each individual contest.

Position Eligibility
Player positions are determined at the sole discretion of DraftKings.

Lineup Edits
Lineups may be edited at any time leading up to games. Each individual player will become "locked" at the scheduled start time of their team’s game. A locked player cannot be added or removed from a roster spot. Locked roster spots for all entries are displayed in contest GameCenters.

If the scheduled start time for a game changes after contests for a Game Set containing that game become available, DraftKings will take measures to ensure the change is reflected on Draft Screens and for lineup editing purposes. In the rare case that a game starts before the scheduled start time, all players within that game will become locked as soon as our feed reflects that the game has begun. Additionally, any swaps that were made after the real-life start time of the game will result in those lineups being disqualified and refunded

Cancelled, Postponed, and Rescheduled Games
In the event that a game is canceled, postponed, or rescheduled to a time outside of the original Scoring Period, DraftKings will cancel and refund all contests.

The Scoring Period for NHL is defined as the timeframe between the scheduled start of the first game within the Game Set and 11:59pm ET on the day after the last scheduled game within the Game Set.

DraftKings may choose to adjust the Scoring Period for a Game Set at their sole discretion to accommodate schedule changes to any time before 12:00am ET on the day after the Game Set is scheduled to start.

Any games that are disabled will be indicated as such on Draft Screens. Emails and other notifications may also be used to notify users of disabled games.

If canceled or games rescheduled for a later date result in a Game Set including only one active game, then all contests for that Game Set will be canceled and refunded.

Games are "known" to be canceled or postponed once their status is updated as such by DraftKings’ NHL stats-provider, STATS LLC.

Example: If a Game Set includes two games at 8pm ET and 10:30pm ET respectively, and the 10:30pm ET game is officially postponed at 6pm ET then all contests for that Game Set are canceled and refunded. If the 10:30pm ET game was not officially postponed until after 8pm ET then contests for that Game Set are not canceled and are played out using only the one active game.

If canceled or rescheduled games result in a Game Set including zero active games, all contests for that Game Set will be canceled and refunded.

Suspended or Shortened Games
DraftKings uses official NHL statistics and only includes statistics from games NHL deems to be official. If the NHL declares a game "suspended" then the statistics generated before the game is suspended will count in Game Sets containing said game. Any statistics generated on a later date when the game resumes will not be included.